june woo lives with his parents and
sister
and spends his day's video game live
streaming
one day while his family is out the news
reports that a mysterious rapidly
spreading disease
is causing the infected to eat one
another and the government has lost
control
from his balcony jun wu sees masses of
people devouring each other
he goes to check outside but a neighbor
barges in and succumbs to infection
june wu barely manages to push him out
and lock the door
he receives messages from his parents
telling him that they are safe
june wu barricades himself inside and
posts a rescue request on social media
no help comes within days
the neighborhood is overrun with
infected though the power stays on
june woo gradually loses access to
running water internet access
and phone networks
he watches a woman attempt to escape the
complex but she is overwhelmed and
infected
eventually an infected man breaks into
june woo's apartment
he narrowly survives but his food and
water supplies run low
and he resorts to his father's liquor
cabinet for sustenance
as he hallucinates about his family his
phone network is restored momentarily
and he receives a voicemail from his
family recording their last moments
in the fit of rage he leaves the
apartment but runs into hordes and
retreats back home
driven by loneliness he prepares to hang
himself but stops when he sees a laser
pointer beam
it comes from an apartment opposite his
balcony where another survivor
you bin lives
they begin signaling to each other daily
seeing that yoon wu is hungry
ubin connects their apartments with a
homemade zip line
and sends him food
an infected manipulates the zipline
causing you bin's table to fly and
strikes her
knocking her out the infected begins to
climb up the strength of her apartment
june woo distracts it with his flying
drone long enough for you bin to wake up
and kill it
june woo decides to search for food
supplies in neighboring units
he finds food and walkie talkies but is
ambushed by an infected
he escapes and sends a walkie-talkie to
you bin
realizing that they will die if they
stay put the pair make a plan and reach
the eighth floor of june
woo's apartment together a lone zombie
alerts the horde but a man emerges from
an apartment and saves them
in his home the pair accepts the man's
food however
the food is drugged the stranger cuffs
the pear then tries to feed you bin to
his infected wife
jung-woo threatens the stranger with the
gun he found
yuvin gets a bag over the infected
wife's head then releases the zombie
upon her husband
she shoots them both but the gunshots
attract the infected
[Music]
you bin asks junwood and mercy kill her
however june wu hears helicopters
outside
the pair decide to make a break for the
rooftop chased by the infected
they reach the roof
just as the infected breakthrough a
helicopter begins shooting the horde
down
soldiers load the pair onto the
helicopter
suddenly voice over by an anchorman
explains that wireless networks are
being restored
and the military has begun rescuing
survivors who made social media posts
thanks for watching video